wonderful five minutes before
now you can see the wonderful
time we know 377 be loving on
the befores gun
this is an extremely was it I
and 14 different systems which
are several innovative features
based on the state of the art
technology
it offers a highly apart and
high degree of accuracy and
consistency
even at extreme ranges you will
not see the report done by a
crowd on the idea
yeah
the guy had to be done with it
the head caught up on sleep
argument we provide limited cell
for places capability or more
about the scanning of equal this
canyon ferry 48 of reach out and
have given for the through it is
50 with that one and a half men
speaking
yeah
the time required to bring the
harvester into matching its
approximately two minutes in the
car country more the kind of
like the idea
they are combined
this increases the only pull
apart are they complain
it is man by a group of eight
dollars
the gun is capable of fighting
booth in Blue Island and
high-end and achieve a maximum
weight of 31 kilometers and the
high quality project I main
party 2 kilogram invited to area
the gun is achieving a matching
wait for the two . three
kilometers which are mine
the life of the gun battle of
the before time is a thousand
round five available for Georgie
the range of elevation this
country degrees the mission to
70 degrees elevation elevating
mark Bingley and Lord of all the
brilliant by means of the
hydraulics window
I had a lot of the world
6th ed we made it possible to
develop adopt one without having
<operand> forty </operand>
immediately
is looking
yeah
the gun is not being will be
exciting platform for divorce
state exciting
you think the ultimate evaluate
the gun can move like a maximum
feat of 70 meters
the lightning all the guys in
your life
not only doing nothing and
something
thinking that there
yeah
they are name
the gun is not be limited to a
maximum elevation thirty degrees
the system importantly numerous
safety sensors which prevent
fighting unless all the safety
conditions have been made
the link devices to
hydraulically operated anything
our price target to be like with
this elected without much bigger
than ever
hey online
that dog up like a dog
along about the operation of the
automatic watering system is a
fine dining room raised and work
on the farm operated
electrically the game along with
the damage and physics is used
for lip insurance on to the
loading people
the thing is getting without
lifting 170 kg / - you know I
became an uncle
one down at the time is
mechanically fed into the
loading plea and land
My partner
ok
the gun had fired capability
very it's been fired three
rounds in just for teens again
we will not be able to say to
you
this capability of the gun what
the rapid fun thing off the
automatic loading system
the guys will not find freedom
in a diamond
yeah
we thank the high voltage and
development also five more
move-in-ready illuminating and a
special composition containing
some pretty cool public which
are good with anti-tank
anti-personnel as you all know
before done what the point of
the doggie board the gun and the
Department taking part in this
demonstration belong to one to
nine videos made being commanded
by chemically the part that you
guys met the monitor is how old
r DB young good
yeah